# ‚≠êMalware Analysis 

## So You Want To Be A Malware Analyst
https://blog.malwarebytes.com/security-world/2012/09/so-you-want-to-be-a-malware-analyst/

## How to start RE/malware analysis?
https://hshrzd.wordpress.com/how-to-start/

## Introduction to Malware Analysis and Reverse Engineering
https://class.malware.re/

## The Road To Reverse Engineering Malware
https://medium.com/secjuice/the-road-to-reverse-engineering-malware-7c0bc1bda9d2

## The Basics of Packed Malware: Manually Unpacking UPX Executables
https://kindredsec.wordpress.com/2020/01/07/the-basics-of-packed-malware-manually-unpacking-upx-executables/

## Awesome Malware Analysis
https://github.com/rshipp/awesome-malware-analysis

## Best Malware Analysis Tools | Learn Malware Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wh_DJTaDq6U

## Malware Analysis Tutorials: a Reverse Engineering Approach
https://fumalwareanalysis.blogspot.com/p/malware-analysis-tutorials-reverse.html

## Malware, IR - Tools & Resources
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13wBzwmfAoEBPUgcYM4CgSoj--xLicPz777IQ6iSUlNk/edit#gid=1407551440

## WinDbg Basics for Malware Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuFJpH3My7A

## Reverse Engineering Windows Malware with Ghidra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuSdV8t3S4I

## Fifty Shades of Malware Strings
https://medium.com/@tom_rock/fifty-shades-of-malware-strings-d33b0c7bee99

## GETTING STARTED | Reverse Engineering Android Malware
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLz8CtXWiXoXnpw41rMRjFOkgO0jxpOf7n

## Beginner Malware Reversing Challenges
https://www.malwaretech.com/beginner-malware-reversing-challenges

## Creating a Simple Free Malware Analysis Environment
https://www.malwaretech.com/2017/11/creating-a-simple-free-malware-analysis-environment.html

## Malware Analysis for noobs
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lSEps7jDX6an_iXJ0Wokdjh0rnBgY9l7/view

## How to become the best Malware Analyst E-V-E-R
http://www.hexacorn.com/blog/2018/04/14/how-to-become-the-best-malware-analyst-e-v-e-r/

## Malware Dynamic Analysis
http://opensecuritytraining.info/MalwareDynamicAnalysis.html

## Reverse Engineering Malware
http://opensecuritytraining.info/ReverseEngineeringMalware.html

## malware analysis
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOIa0J36PkUhKKjREFKzDo4DAP0W_Wce4

## Malware Unpacking Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLynb9SXC4yER8NinXJwV4GHUM9-jaIsN_

## Misc Malware Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLynb9SXC4yEQFbBGoLy9yGaHM_71RoTG4

## Malware Theory on Blackboard
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLynb9SXC4yETaQYYBSg696V77Ku8TOM8-

## Malware Analysis Techniques
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVMLi-YiSh3zR9hSGWxhBXGFrZ19jvDdm

## Malware Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLVMLi-YiSh3yKO06HnnT3OJXbAVfNWySF

## malware unpacking
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3CZ2aaB7m83eYTAVV2knNglB8I4y5QmH

## malware
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3CZ2aaB7m81OSOJ5Go-2sBbFcVVxX9Xu

## Malware Analysis Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPsJIruML_Zg_iLA2bfoAPCo5d2aEuuV8

## Engineering antivirus evasion
https://blog.scrt.ch/2020/06/19/engineering-antivirus-evasion/

## Training 1: File Type Analysis and Code Extraction from Malicious Document
https://struppigel.blogspot.com/2017/06/training-1-file-type-analysis-and-code.html?view=sidebar

## Malware Noob2Ninja Course
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLiFO-R_BI-kAqDPqtnOq2n70mtAZ6xg5N

## Analyzing Modern Malware Techniques Part 1
https://danusminimus.github.io/Analyzing-Modern-Malware-Techniques-Part-1/

## Analyzing Modern Malware Techniques Part 2
https://danusminimus.github.io/Analyzing-Modern-Malware-Techniques-Part-2/

## Analyzing Modern Malware Techniques Part 3
https://danusminimus.github.io/Analyzing-Modern-Malware-Techniques-Part-3/

## Analyzing Modern Malware Techniques Part 4
https://danusminimus.github.io/Analyzing-Modern-Malware-Techniques-Part-4/

## Rotkits: What they are, and how to find them
http://opensecuritytraining.info/Rootkits.html

## Reverse Engineering Anti-VM Detections in Malware 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yHLqZ3k1Xs

## IDA Pro Tutorial - Reverse Engineering Dynamic Malware Imports
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hM2Zvsak3GM

## IDA Pro Scripting Intro - Automate Dynamic Import Resolving for REvil Ransomware
https://youtu.be/R4xJou6JsIE

## Analysing a Firefox Malware browserassist.dll - FLARE-On 2018
https://youtu.be/5cvpGSSUZI0

## Reversing WannaCry
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLniOzp3l9V83Yf52IXJTvW9rjstdqkduP

## Wireshark display filters which can be used in malware analysis
https://www.securityinbits.com/malware-analysis/tools/wireshark-filters/
